Redstone Wires
Integration Takeover
<&coil>§2Redstone Wires§r are aluminium coated in redstone dust. The resulting cables provide an easy way to transfer redstone signals over long distance without losing any signal strength.<&connector>The §2connectors§r work like any other wire connector in terms of connecting them, however, redstone wiring does not require relays; connectors and relays are the same block.
Using the Engineer's Hammer, the connectors can be switched between in- and output mode (rightclick) and configured between 16 coloured frequencies (sneak-rightclick).
<&probe>§2Redstone Probe Connectors§r have a functionality partially comparable to Redstone Comparators. While they are not able to actively compare signals, they are able to read inventories for how full they are. Additionally, these probes can operate on two channels, sending their read signal on one, and still receiving signals on another. These channels can be changed by using the Engineer's Hammer.

Note that many of IE's multiblocks feature comparator-functionality, as described on the following pages. Where available, the redstone control surface of the multiblock is the designated spot to connect a comparator.<np>
§lTank: §rAs detailed in its <link;tank;manual entry>
§lSilo: §rAs detailed in its <link;silo;manual entry>
§lAssembler: §rOutputs a signal relative to the fill of the inventory.
§lAutoWorkbench: §rOutputs a signal relative to the fill of the inventory.
§lSqueezer: §rOutputs a signal relative to the fill of the inventory.
§lFermenter: §rOutputs a signal relative to the fill of the inventory.
§lExcavator: §rOutputs a signal relative to the remaining ore in the vein.
§lArcFurnace: §rOutputs a signal relative to the fill of the inventory.
Additionally, connecting a comparator to the electrodes at the top will send a signal based on their integrity.
§lMixer: §rOutputs a signal relative to the fill of the inventory.
<np>
<&bundled>§2Redstone Interface Connectors§r are designed to be attached to other blocks that can make use of the coloured redstone signals.
The interface connector is innert and does not posses a colour, input- or output-state, but it allows blocks such as the <link;item_batcher;Item Batcher> to interface directly with the wire network.


